Improve upon the 'Caveats' section of the Layers and Mod-Tap documentation (#12306)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_layers.md

### Caveats :id=caveats

> Currently, `LT()` (and also all [Mod-Tap](mod_tap.md) keycodes) are limited to the [Basic Keycode set](keycodes_basic.md) for their *kc* argument, meaning you can't use keycodes like `LCTL()`, `KC_TILD`, or anything greater than `0xFF`. In the case of `LT()`, this is because QMK uses 16-bit keycodes, of which 4 bits are used for the function identifier, 4 bits for the layer (and this is why it's limited to layers 0-15, actually), only 8 bits are left for the keycode. Because of this, the keycode used is limited to `0xFF` (0-255), which are the basic keycodes only. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the `layer` argument of `LT()` is limited to layers 0-15, and the `kc` argument to the [Basic Keycode set](keycodes_basic.md), meaning you can't use keycodes like `LCTL()`, `KC_TILD`, or anything greater than `0xFF`. This is because QMK uses 16-bit keycodes, of which 4 bits are used for the function identifier and 4 bits for the layer, leaving only 8 bits for the keycode.
```
